your little tail between those Twiggy
legs of yours and head on home maybe
you'll find some glory on the
battlefield
King argon grew Restless with the peace
after uniting the lands of Agatha
beneath his banner the King declared a
crusade upon the strange lands to the
self yet his blind ambition would be his
undoing for the crusade failed and the
harsh desert sands soon became his grave
his death left the army and nation
without a leader and in the ensuing
chaos the King's top military commander
seized the opportunity to claim the
empty throne when the remainder of the
crusading or may return Oh
they discovered much change
you